-------calsoft(19-01-2022)-------
tell your work experience
datatypes in python
diff btw list and tuple
diff btw mutable and immutable
explian dict datatypes
program on string "this is calsoft interview", output = "interview calsoft is this"
program on list take two list and display duplicate value
explian about request module
explain about functional testing

-------qentille(20-01-2022)----------
introduce yourself
expalin decorators
program on decorators
program on count char in string
explain list comprehesion
write a program on list comprehesion
write program on lambda function
why pytest is familiar what is diff btw pytest and other test modules
what are markers ?
what is group testing?
write a program on fixtures?

--------accolite(20-01-2022)--------
introduce yourself
what is use of remoteng?
what is subprocess?
what do you use memory devies for?
how will you rate on python?
write program on list find sum of highest last three nums?
write program count of char in a string?
write a program on reverse a string?
have you know about tests like smoke or reggresion test?
how do you connect to api?
what issue you have occur in project?
what do test on memory devices?
how much time do you take to learn selenium?

------qentille technical round-II (21-01-2022)--------
introduce yourself?
explain about project?
how you worked on agile methodology?
you said sprint is two weeks you have not resolved issue how you can handle?
take a sutitation you and another person taken a project and he not agreeing with you how could you convince him?
if you have selenium project how your going to handle the project and deadline is 3 months?
have you participated in scrum meetings?
what is your strength?
what are pros of your organisation?
what are cons of your organisation?
are you have any certifications?
do you have any offers?

----------mindtech technical round- I (24-01-2022)-------
introduce yourself
day to day deliverables?
what is your team size?
rate yourself in python?
latest version python and sub version?
feature of python?
cons in python?
what is namespaces?
what pip?
what is lambda function?
take a string your name count the char by using lambda function?(form in dict)
in above program key and value should be in list of tuples?
what is use of enum?
insert an element in tuple?
what is unpacking and packing?
what group of element assign to varible separated by comma what is the type?
what is shallow copy and deep copy?
what is self in oops?
can we any name instead of self?
what is empty class?
what is constuctor? write a program?
what is destructor? write a program?
can you define own destructor?
what is inheritance?
super() and class name they doing same thing but why there are two methods?
explain method overloading and method overriding?
what is polymphroism?
what is enscapulation? write a program?
have you worked on postman?
how can you know memory is mount or not?
how will you check file intergrity?
do you know about linux?
have you worked on api tesing?
you found a bug, how you going to report?
how do you identify the priority of debug?
consider you are having the p1 priority bug other teams are not considering it as p1 how do you convince them?
tell me about negative testing?
do you have any questions?
