----------mindtech technical round- I (24-01-2022)-------7/10
introduce yourself
day to day deliverables?
what is your team size?
rate yourself in python?
latest version python and sub version?
feature of python?
cons in python?
what is namespaces?
what pip?
what is lambda function?
take a string your name count the char by using lambda function?(form in dict)
in above program key and value should be in list of tuples?
what is use of enum?
insert an element in tuple?
what is unpacking and packing?
what group of element assign to varible separated by comma what is the type?
what is shallow copy and deep copy?
what is self in oops?
can we any name instead of self?
what is empty class?
what is constuctor? write a program?
what is destructor? write a program?
can you define own destructor?
what is inheritance?
super() and class name they doing same thing but why there are two methods?
explain method overloading and method overriding?
what is polymphroism?
what is enscapulation? write a program?
have you worked on postman?
how can you know memory is mount or not?
how will you check file intergrity?
do you know about linux?
have you worked on api tesing?
you found a bug, how you going to report?
how do you identify the priority of debug?
consider you are having the p1 priority bug other teams are not considering it as p1 how do you convince them?
tell me about negative testing?
do you have any questions?


------------------mindtech-II(28-01-2022)------------------------------7/10
intro yourself?
what is MSV X?
last four years your are working with same client?
what is your parent company?
rate yourself python?
any exposure jenkins?
any knowledge in python?
explain diff btw list and tuple?
use case of tuple in your project?
tuple of list append value in list?
list[index].extend why we cant append?
count of string program?
what is lambda?
write a program on map function?
what is difference btw list and generators?
what is decorators in python?
function overloading in python?
early binding and late binding?
access specifiers in python?
string count occurance?
what is functional testing?
you have given four test you want to exwcute manually will you do that?
